[docs] [PLAT-7426] added http/https proxy setup (#17600)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/airgapped.md

You can set up HTTP and HTTPS proxies via **Application config**, and select **Enable Proxy** as per the following illustration:

![Enable Proxy](/images/replicated/enable-proxy.png)

When completing the **Enable Proxy** settings, keep in mind the following:

- If your proxy is using the default ports for each protocol, then set the ports for the HTTP and HTTPS proxies to the default, 80 and 443 respectively, instead of 8080 and 8443 as shown in the preceding illustration.

- If you have only one proxy set up (HTTP or HTTPS), then set the same values for both. This configuration sets operating system environment variables and Java system properties.

- The help text for each field shows which Java system property or environment variable gets set by the field. System properties have the "-D" prefix. For example "Specify -Dhttps.proxyPort".

- The **no proxy** fields are lists of exception hosts, provided as a comma-delimited list of addresses or hostnames. Include the following addresses:
  - The Docker gateway address (172.17.0.1 by default).
  - The address of any previously-specified web proxy.
  - Any other IP addresses that you deem safe to bypass the proxy.

> - For the fields "HTTP no proxy setting" and "HTTP no proxy setting for Java", you need to add the docker gateway address (which is 172.17.0.1 by default).

Reviewer: Doesn't this imply this must include this one Docker Gateway IP only. Maybe we can say something along the lines that this docker gateway IP must be present along with others from the last point. Actually, I think the previous bullet and this could be merged.

Author: Yes , good observation . Thanks @shristy

![Application Configuration](/images/replicated/application-config.png)

The recommended TLS version is 1.2.

## Set up HTTP/HTTPS proxy

> YBA sometimes initiates HTTP or HTTPS connections to other servers. For example, HTTP or HTTPS connections (depending on your setup) maybe utilized in one or more of the following (not limited to) situations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
YBA sometimes initiates HTTP or HTTPS connections to other servers. For example, HTTP or HTTPS connections (depending on your setup) can be used to do the following, or more:
```

- Contact a public cloud provider to create VMs.
- Deposit backups on a public cloud provider's object storage service.
- Contact an external load balancer.

> You can set up YBA to utilize an HTTP/HTTPS proxy server via **Application config**, and select **Enable Proxy** as per the following illustration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set up YBA to use an HTTP/HTTPS proxy server via **Application config**, and select **Enable Proxy** as per the following illustration:
```

![Enable Proxy](/images/replicated/enable-proxy.png)

When completing the **Enable Proxy** settings, keep in mind the following:

- If your proxy is using the default ports for each protocol, then set the ports for the HTTP and HTTPS proxies to the default, 80 and 443 respectively, instead of 8080 and 8443 as shown in the preceding illustration.

> - If you have only one proxy set up (HTTP or HTTPS), then set the same values for both. This configuration sets operating system environment variables and Java system properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you have only one proxy set up (HTTP or HTTPS), then set the same values for both.
```

> - The help text for each field shows which Java system property or environment variable gets set by the field. System properties have the "-D" prefix. For example "Specify -Dhttps.proxyPort".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This configuration sets operating system environment variables and Java system properties. The help text for each field shows which Java system property or environment variable gets set by the field. System properties have the "-D" prefix. For example "Specify -Dhttps.proxyPort".
```

- The Java fields can accept values as Java system properties, including the use of pipe ("|") as a field separator. Refer to [Java Networking and Proxies](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/proxies.html) for more details about the properties.

> - There is no authoritative source for the format of environment variables; YBA follows the community standards for setting proxy where two environment variables get exported with lowercase and uppercase formats for the fields. For example, if you enter "http://my.Proxy.host:8080" for **HTTP Proxy setting**, then two environment variables gets exported as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- YBA follows community standards for setting proxy environment variables, where two environment variables are exported with lowercase and uppercase names. For example, if you enter "http://my.Proxy.host:8080" for **HTTP Proxy setting**, then two environment variables are exported as follows:
```
